README.md, before:

# Codingteam's submission for ICFP Programming Contest 2020

## Building locally inside organizer's Docker images

To get the exact same environment as the organizers are using, one has to build
our code inside [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). In the root of the repo, run:

```
$ docker build --tag codingteam/icfpc-2020 --file Dockerfile .
```

This will spawn a container, run `./build.sh` inside it, then run `./run.sh`.
**You have to run this every time you change Haskell source or those two
scripts.**

Now run something that will fake organizer's server. A simple netcat listening
for TCP connections on port 8000 will do:

```
# GNU netcat
$ nc -l -p 8000

# BSD netcat
$ nc -p 8000 
```

Then actually run the application:

* on Linux:

    Find out your host's IP that Docker uses (Docker [doesn't support
    host.docker.internal DNS
    entry](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/264) on Linux):

    ```
    $ ip a show dev docker0
	4: docker0: <NO-CARRIER,BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP> mtu 1500 qdisc noqueue state DOWN group default 
    link/ether 02:42:19:fe:9f:cc brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
    inet 172.17.0.1/16 brd 172.17.255.255 scope global docker0
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    inet6 fe80::42:19ff:fefe:9fcc/64 scope link 
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    ```

    Run the app:

    ```
    $ docker run --rm codingteam/icfpc-2020 http://172.17.0.1:8000 playerKey
    ```

* on macOS and Windows:

    ```
    $ docker run --rm codingteam/icfpc-2020 http://host.docker.internal:8000 playerKey
    ```

In netcat you should see an HTTP request:

```
GET /?playerKey=whatever HTTP/1.1
Host: 172.17.0.1:8000
Accept-Encoding: gzip
```

If you type something in response and press Enter, the application will exit.

Commit message:

Add netcat install instruction for Windows

README.md, after:

# Codingteam's submission for ICFP Programming Contest 2020

## Building locally inside organizer's Docker images

To get the exact same environment as the organizers are using, one has to build
our code inside [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). In the root of the repo, run:

```
$ docker build --tag codingteam/icfpc-2020 --file Dockerfile .
```

This will spawn a container, run `./build.sh` inside it, then run `./run.sh`.
**You have to run this every time you change Haskell source or those two
scripts.**

Now run something that will fake organizer's server. A simple netcat listening
for TCP connections on port 8000 will do:

```
# GNU netcat
$ nc -l -p 8000

# BSD netcat
$ nc -p 8000 
```

(on Windows, `choco install netcat` will install GNU netcat)

Then actually run the application:

* on Linux:

    Find out your host's IP that Docker uses (Docker [doesn't support
    host.docker.internal DNS
    entry](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/264) on Linux):

    ```
    $ ip a show dev docker0
	4: docker0: <NO-CARRIER,BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP> mtu 1500 qdisc noqueue state DOWN group default 
    link/ether 02:42:19:fe:9f:cc brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
    inet 172.17.0.1/16 brd 172.17.255.255 scope global docker0
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    inet6 fe80::42:19ff:fefe:9fcc/64 scope link 
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    ```

    Run the app:

    ```
    $ docker run --rm codingteam/icfpc-2020 http://172.17.0.1:8000 playerKey
    ```

* on macOS and Windows:

    ```
    $ docker run --rm codingteam/icfpc-2020 http://host.docker.internal:8000 playerKey
    ```

In netcat you should see an HTTP request:

```
GET /?playerKey=whatever HTTP/1.1
Host: 172.17.0.1:8000
Accept-Encoding: gzip
```

If you type something in response and press Enter, the application will exit.
